[Fleet Server] Update the checkin_limit.max_body_byte_size entry (#6134)
elastic/docs-content: reference/fleet/fleet-server-scalability.md

:   Burst of check-ins allowed before falling back to the rate defined by `interval`.

`checkin_limit.max_body_byte_size`

> :   Maximum size in bytes of the checkin API request body. Defaults to `1048576` bytes (1 MiB). {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.4+` Deployments running many Synthetics monitors might need to increase this value to avoid check-in failures that cause agents to appear offline or unhealthy in the Fleet UI despite monitors executing successfully. For example:

Reviewer: Perhaps placing the `Defaults to…` on a new line and adding the `applies_to` at the front could improve readability a bit. What do you think?

```suggestion
:   Maximum size in bytes of the checkin API request body. 
:   {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.4+` Defaults to `1048576` bytes (1 MiB). Deployments running many Synthetics monitors might need to increase this value to avoid check-in failures that cause agents to appear offline or unhealthy in the Fleet UI despite monitors executing successfully. For example:
```

Author: Great suggestion, thanks Visha!

:   Burst of check-ins allowed before falling back to the rate defined by `interval`.

`checkin_limit.max_body_byte_size`
:   Maximum size in bytes of the checkin API request body. 

> :   {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.4+` Defaults to `1048576` bytes (1 MiB). Deployments running many Synthetics monitors might need to increase this value to avoid check-in failures that cause agents to appear offline or unhealthy in the Fleet UI despite monitors executing successfully. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:   Maximum size in bytes of the checkin API request body. Defaults to `1048576` bytes (1 MiB). Deployments running many Synthetics monitors might need to increase this value to avoid check-in failures that cause agents to appear offline or unhealthy in the Fleet UI despite monitors executing successfully. For example:
```
This doesn't seem like a 9.4-only behavior/possibility

Author: Thanks Florent, double-checked with eng, no 9.4 tags
